## The plan for year three of University

Year three of University is one that I've put a lot of thought into, mainly because I haven't had as much to fill my time while in America as I did in my first year.  In theory, the year can be broken down quite easily into three seperate components - academics, social and economic, although the three tend to intersect fairly often.  The aim of this post is too visualise and plan for what I'll do in these three aspects of life.  For simplicity, I'll be counting my third year of as from when I arrive back in England (sometime in May/early June) up until early July of 2023.  This will include the fourish month period between which I arrive back in England and when I start third year.

## Academics

In theory, my third year of University should be easier than I originally expected.  One of the major benefits of taking a year abroad has been that my grades have improved (3.7 GPA at this point).  I'm still unsure on how the conversion back to English grades will work, but provided I maintian my current level of attainment in my second semester in America, I should be in a relatively strong position heading into my third year.  Therefore, I won't need to make any major changes before I undertake my third year, although it is possible that I'll need to re-evaluate these plans nearer to the start date.  The only other thing I'll need to consider will be the shift back to the UK grading system, which is significantly less focussed on homeworks and consistent work, and much more on final examinations.  In my opinion, this format is much less forgiving, so I'll need to make sure I'm aware of this difference from the start.  
