## The logic of living your life with the goal of running good
According to the urban dictionary, to run good means to consistently achieve the better outcome in a situation.  It can also mean to have been dealt good cards (in the context of Poker, or any card game).

You can’t do anything about the cards that are dealt to you (in theory, unless my suspicion that one of the guys I play poker with is cheating end up being true), so I’ll quickly cover that part of the situation before moving onto the second definition.  In terms of running good in the context of the cards I’m dealt; I’d say that I do run good (but not as good as some others).  I have a loving family, who are reasonably financially secure, and I’ve never really been in a particularly difficult situation.  When I finish university I’ll have the option of moving back home, and in the event where everything went wrong, I wouldn’t be completely screwed.  Unfortunately, neither of my parents own a huge company (selfish of them), so the chances of me walking into a job that I’m entirely unqualified for and being paid for it anywhere are about zero.  So, could be better, could be worse.

## Running good and achieving the better outcome in a situation
I have my own method for running good, which I’ve been trying to implement more widely recently.  The way to consistently run good, is to put yourself in as many situations where the run good can occur as possible.  For me, this has been in Matched betting predominantly, and pretty consistently getting close to big payouts, and then missing.  The solution to this issue, has been to keep putting myself in more situations where I can run good.  You can’t run bad forever, so you have to win in some of these situations eventually, and if you do start running good then you’re laughing.  Even if you somehow are running completely dead, and aren’t hitting anything, at least you get the hope and entertainment of seeing the near misses.

I can think of a few times when I’ve run good in the past year and a half.  Off the top of my head, the best example of this was June 12th (arguably the entire month of June, but that day was a lifetime highlight).  There’s been other one-off times with good runs, but that was most significant, and was basically the same as any other day, it’s just that everything came in.  

Recently though, I’ve started trying to apply the run good theory to the rest of my life (not sure why it took me so long to do that) and have started actively trying to put myself in situations where I can get lucky and variance can benefit me.  Examples of this include talking to more people at bars (go English accents), networking more with other people in the gambling industry and getting skin in the game on the Ukraine to win the 2022 Eurovision market.  Arguably the entire run good theory can basically just be boiled down to being optimistic (something I’m known for), but now I can claim I invented it, and it’s been a lot easier to follow and stick with.  

Looking ahead, continuing my goal of running good is going to involve sorting out pet accounts for matched betting (oh look, that came up again, what a surprise), but also probably in terms of doing things in my life.  Getting involved in more situations where good things can happen, and actively going out to do things is positive expected value, and if variance is kind to me, could be life changing in the short term.

