## How I make my money

Money is going to be fairly central to this blog - I'm a shallow person and like seeing a number go up.  A lot of my future goals are money oriented, or at the least will require money in order to be attained.  Therefore, it's probably a good idea to explain how I make my money for now, and my future ideas.

The issue I've always had with money is that I don't really like working.  I like it even less now that I've spent some time earning good money for fairly low effort.  That's the biggest problem I have with most jobs, they don't pay as much as I want and it annoys me to need to work at specific times doing exactly what someone else asks of me.  As a result of this, I've never actually had a proper job.  The most experience in jobs I've had has been in the form of various casual jobs, most prominantly sports coaching and umpiring, which looking back on was effectively slave labour.  It's not worth giving up your time for £3 an hour.

Moving on from sports coaching, I wanted more money.  This led to searches online, consisting of something along the lines of 'ways to make money as a teen without a job'.  Obviously the expected answers came up, but I also found something interesting, called matched betting.  This is what I've been using for the last 3 ish years (very on and off to make my money).

## The early stages

Upon finding matched betting, I spent ages trying to work through the maths, and make sure it wasn't a scam.  The next challenge was convincing my dad that it wasn't a scam - slightly easier said than done.  He was more on board with it than I expected, and actually agreed to fund the first few bets I did, although was pretty consistent in his theory that no proper money could be made.  To an extent, he was proven right originally.  Looking back, I was an idiot, and massively missed the potential of matched betting, collecting the original profit from the signup offers and then stopping entirely, not my finest move.  However, the early groundwork was done, and I had joined various groups throughout the few months I was active, which would prove to be useful in the future.

## Early University

After an approximate years break, in which I basically did nothing aside from normal schooling, covid hit.  Coinciding with the first few weeks of covid, I used pretty much all my original matched betting profits to fund a new desktop for myself, which I'm actually very proud of.  The parts were paid for and researched by me (although with the help of some online friends), and me and my dad spent an afternoon building it.  THe computer works great to this day (I think, providing my family haven't destroyed it while I've been away).  Having access to my own computer soon led to me regaining my activity in chatrooms and forums I'd joined relating to matched betting, which by luck had become more specialised in my absence, with some of the idiots being kicked (but not me luckily).  Speaking to the individuals in these groups and making some more friends, I realised that now I was 18, I could start creating my own accounts, effectively restarting my matched betting journey.  Interestingly, my journey has been the inverse of most others, originally starting with a client and then working back to my own account.

Throughout lockdown I used this as a way of building an income, originally very low scale.  In fact, throughout the entire of lockdown since obtaining my computer (5 months), I only earnt £783.28, not enough to actually pay off the cost of my computer. However, the groundwork had been done, and it was useful to know that I had a way of making an income without needing to work at university, meaning that my parents contribution wasn't really needed.  I continued in much this fashion from October to December, although did manage to step up my earnings, increasing them to £1,545.33 in 3 months.  However, December proved to be a huge turning point in my matched betting career, even if I didn't realise it at the time.  Forums have always been a contested issue in matched betting, mostly because they have an impressive habit of ruining any profitable method that is found.  It was from an argument surrounding this that my next step was taken - setting up my own matched betting group.

By all rights, I didn't deserve to be in this group, and arguably still don't.  However, being in the right place at the right time and taking the initiative allowed me to invite about 30 of the top forum members, some of who made a full time living matched betting to a seperate discord group (effectively killing part of the forum entirely).  However, running this group has allowed me relatively exclusive access to many offers, and massively increased my knowledge base, to the point where I now actually do deserve to be in the group.  To be fair to myself as well, I provide a significant amount of value, and haven't made any huge mistakes in the running of the group as of yet (touch wood).

## 2021

2021 as a whole shows the impact of the group.  From January to August (when I stopped), I made £14,243.13, although it should be noted that over £7,000 of this came from one month (June), and the next month was massively decreased by a significant confiscation.  In many ways, my current year abroad couldn't have been timed any worse - just as I was starting to build up significant momentum.  However, I don't regret the year abroad, just know that I need to get back into it when I get back to the UK.  Compared to the others in the group, I'm still a minnow, some of the numbers in there exceeded £100,000 in the year, although these are fulltimers, running multiple account sets which I'm not involved with.  I'll catch them soon.

## The future

Matched Betting represents the most realistic way for me to obtain a significant amount of money in the near future at my age.  When I get back to the UK I intend to set up as many client account sets as possible, including my family, brother, friends and his friends, which should be able to guarantee £5,000 a month for the rest of my time at University.  After that, I'm not sure.  Ideally, I think I'd go full time for a bit and build a nest egg, before moving on and either doing a masters, or committing to an actual job.  However, this would rely on me still making enough to justify a year or twos break in my CV, the government not implementing account restrictions to the point where it's not viable, and assuming that I can still make the money I'm expecting to.

However, the future still looks bright, and even in the event where matched betting magically dies one day, it's still a cool story to be able to tell, and too look back and point out that my Dad was entirely wrong about this in the long run.

## Australia and USA

One potential idea is a move to either the USA or Australia.  In both countries, online gambling has only recently grown in popularity, and they're effectively in their glory days of matched betting.  If I could find a way to get out to either country in the next few years (when I'm of the legal age there), or set up some clients in these countries, there is some obscene money to be made (at a guess, I think I could clear £15,000 a month with 5 clients, relatively easily).  It's a bit of a pipe dream, and I doubt I'd be brave enough to give it a go, but we'll have too see.  
